what fruit do you think you could kick
the farthest the farthest um possibly
grapefruit I mean I'm thinking in my
head I thought coconut bit hard oh great
two small watermelon two big watermelon
too big
mmm as long as it doesn't explode
grapefruit what is your favorite spice
posh was gonna say cinema a posh is like
that I made the right choice yeah cuz
cinnamons not gonna hit you over the
head with a frying pan definitely not
definitely not do you think you're
capable of taking an ugly selfie nah you
don't of course I did you do yes
let's give it a try there's my phone so
crazy
okay I thought we were both getting in
this no I just want to see if you can do
it
let me see it's pretty ugly
yeah turns out it is possible they got
it too ugly selfies Saudis out hey club
scotch whiskey the answer to all life's
ridiculous questions for more
ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35